README.md, before:

# Course Question Bank - Fall 2016 CS 169 Continuation Project

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/jshoe/coursequestionbank/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank)
[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/jshoe/coursequestionbank.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/jshoe/coursequestionbank/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank/coverage)
<span style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" ><a style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1544183">PivotalTracker</a></span>

# It's now Iteration 1.

## User Guide

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/saasbook/coursequestionbank/wiki).

## Running or Testing Locally

You need to run a solr process during local development (or Cloud9 for those who used it). So `bundle exec sunspot-solr start -p 8983` to start and `bundle exec sunspot-solr stop` to stop (basically the steps in the .travis.yml). And the config in sunspot.yml should enable the app to connect properly.

When running locally, you can click the "Dev Login" button and login as either `saas` (Instructor privilege) or `saas-admin` (Admin privilege) with no password needed.

## Deployment

Currently set up to deploy to Heroku. Websolr worker supposed to periodically re-indexes the questions so that keyword search will work; you can run it manually with `heroku run rake sunspot:solr:reindex`, however, Websolr addon costs $20/month therefore the Heroku Deployment is currently not working. Cloud 9 hosting instance can be provided upon GSI's request.

## To Do

* The URL `questionbank.saasbook.info` points to the running app, but for now you must access it as `cs-coursequestionbank.herokuapp.com` until we get a proper SSL cert for the new name and change the GitHub OAuth callback URL to match the vanity domain.
* It's in private beta with core group of [ESaaS instructors](http://www.saasbook.info).  Armando Fox or Sam Joseph can add you to the beta whitelist if you're part of that core group.

Commit message:

updated README and removed deployment Dev login

README.md, after:

# Course Question Bank - Fall 2016 CS 169 Continuation Project

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/jshoe/coursequestionbank/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank)
[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/jshoe/coursequestionbank.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/jshoe/coursequestionbank/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank/coverage)
<span style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" ><a style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1544183">PivotalTracker</a></span>

# It's now Iteration 1.

## User Guide

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/saasbook/coursequestionbank/wiki).

## Running or Testing Locally

You need to run a solr process during local development (or Cloud9 for those who used it). So `bundle exec sunspot-solr start -p 8983` to start and `bundle exec sunspot-solr stop` to stop (basically the steps in the .travis.yml). And the config in sunspot.yml should enable the app to connect properly.

When running locally, you can click the "Dev Login" button and login as either `saas` (Instructor privilege) or `saas-admin` (Admin privilege) with no password needed.

## Deployment

Currently set up to deploy to Heroku. Websolr worker supposed to periodically re-indexes the questions so that keyword search will work; you can run it manually with `heroku run rake sunspot:solr:reindex`, please send an Email to RZH at Berkeley dot edu to submit a whitelist request.

## To Do

* The URL `questionbank.saasbook.info` points to the running app, but for now you must access it as `cs-coursequestionbank.herokuapp.com` until we get a proper SSL cert for the new name and change the GitHub OAuth callback URL to match the vanity domain.
* It's in private beta with core group of [ESaaS instructors](http://www.saasbook.info).  Armando Fox or Sam Joseph can add you to the beta whitelist if you're part of that core group.
